Ardy.com
Sections
1) Products
Brand page
Categoriy Page
Product Search Page
Search on Categories
Search on Distance
Price
Shipping
Sponsored products
Recommended page
Product details Page with title,description, Price and Reviews

2) Shopping Cart -
Cart Review
WishList
Checkout
Shipping
Bill
Coupon
 
2) Blogs
Artist dedicated page
Videos Management
Photos
FB/Twitter/Flickr
Blog
Forum

3) Community
Seminars
Newsletter

4) Admin
Login
Register
Artist Product Upload
Artist Blog edit
Artist Videos/ Pictures

5) Admin Reporting
Items purchased
Items status page
Artist report

6) product flow
First the product is inserted in cvs format. All the valid product lines are inserted in the Db. And we should give them a error grid which will have the file name and the lines which have the problems. Also, we will also allow them to put the same file name to be uploaded.

7) artist blog
Artist should be able to put his small description. Put in his one album which will allow them to put 10 images. Plus a video YouTube link can be put on the page. Then they will have the blog page in the bottom where user can come and have conversation with the artist. 
Artist product list is also displayed so that it becomes hi profile page.

8) artist sold product information
A report page where filters will be there to search. Artist can see items purchased, items shipped, items delivered and items return.

9) future Wordpress enhancement
The artist can come and get their separate Wordpress website which will have the profile page, product list page, product details, product shopping cart, product order details. They can use either our merchant account or their own.


10) or user can ask us to point his domain to his profile page.they will use our shopping cart but only list their products.

 11) coupons should be each product based. At the time of creation of coupon, admin should be asked for coupon code, expiration date, total number of coupons and what products it should be applied. If the quantity is zero then no more coupons should be redeemed with that code. In this way we can have a single code given to an individual or group.Also, to a product as well group of products. If it applies to all products then assign all otherwise have comma separated value of the products. Mostlye it will be category or subcategory wise.




